NSFW Public Rules Template
Version 2023-05-20-1

1. Age of Consent and Restricted Content
All participants must be 18 years of age or older to view or post content. Content that is violent, gory, or otherwise illegal is strictly prohibited. This includes but is not limited to, incest, bestiality, rape, and child pornography. Any illegal content will be removed and reported to site administrators.

2. Be Civil and Supportive
Follow all rules posted in the Reddit Content Policy. Treat everyone with respect. No using ALL CAPS in posts or comments. Do not advocate for illegal activities.

3. Relevance
Keep content relevant to [SELECT YOUR TOPICS (Also include restrictions on OC only, gender, ethnicity, image theme, etc)]. Use short and accurate titles. Use the correct post flair. Post high-resolution, NSFW content only. Links must follow the Ads and Promotion Policy. Do not post content with filters, add-ons, or watermarks other than with your own Reddit username.

4. Spam and Low-Value Posts
Content that does not offer value, posts that are already answered in the subreddit wiki, or information that is readily available with a Google search may be removed to ensure that the subreddit content feed quality remains high. Moderators may remove any content at their discretion.

5. Content Verification
All content creators must be verified through the subreddit's verification process. Unverified content will be removed and repeat offenders will be banned.
OR
Users are not required to prove their identities to post content in this community. However, impersonation of other users is prohibited. Posts that imply that the content is self-posted (using words I, Me, My, etc) must be posted by the content creator. 

6. Advertising and Promotion Policy
No advertising in post titles or images. The post creator can share 1 link in the comments to approved websites, such as [AUTHORIZED URLS]. A maximum of [POST LIMIT PER DAY, SUGGESTED 5] applies, regardless of linking to approved websites. Links to other websites and private message solicitations are not allowed. 

7. Polls and Community Surveys
Community members may create community polls with moderator approval. Include a null option to "Show Results" for those who only want to see the results. Data collected may not be used for targeted advertising.

8. No Reposts or Karma Farming
Content already posted within the past 14 days, or any of the top 50 all-time posts, will be considered a repost and removed. Use the search function to ensure your post is not a duplicate. Consider watermarking your photos with your Reddit username for your own protection. Do not ask for karma upvotes - vote manipulation also violates Reddit site-wide rules.

9. Involuntary Pornography, Copyright, and Takedowns
Do not post images or videos without the consent of the people involved. You must have full permission to post content as the copyright holder, or written permission from the copyright holder to post on their behalf. Takedown requests will be honored by any individuals found within the content, even if they do not own the copyright directly. Please contact the moderators using ModMail to request a takedown under this rule.

10. Personal Information
Do not post or solicit any personal information of the users who post, those in the content, or others. This includes names, addresses, phone numbers, contact information, real-world locations, and social media profiles.
OR
Posting the identities of individuals is [ALLOWED / REQUIRED] in this community, but users may not share private contact information. Private information includes addresses, phone numbers, real-world locations, or anything that can be used to track their location unless they have publicly announced that information themselves (such as attending a public event, etc).

11. Encouraging Rule Violations
Do not encourage others to break the rules (subreddit, site-wide or real-world laws) or act in ways that may jeopardize one's safety. Do not create posts to discuss moderator actions against a specific user. Discussions of the community rules [ARE / ARE NOT] allowed.

12. Abuse of the Report System
Use the downvote button when you disagree with content that doesn't violate the rules. Users who repeatedly report posts because they disagree with the content may be penalized under this rule. If you believe a new rule should be created, contact the moderators using ModMail.
